What is the output of sizeof(char) in C?

Answer: 1 byte
Which CSS property is used to change text color?

Answer: color
In C, what does malloc function return if memory allocation fails?

Answer: NULL
Which operator in C is used to dereference a pointer?

Answer: *
What is a dangling pointer in C?

Answer: Pointer to freed memory
How do you clear floating elements in CSS?

Answer: clear: both
What is the value of NULL in C?

Answer: 0
In C, what keyword is used to dynamically allocate memory?

Answer: malloc
Which CSS property is used to create space inside an element?

Answer: padding
What is a void pointer in C?

Answer: Pointer with no type
In C, what is the default value of a global variable?

Answer: 0
How do you make a background image cover the entire page in CSS?

Answer: background-size: cover
What does the break statement do in a loop?

Answer: Exits the loop
What is the CSS selector for an element with id header?

Answer: #header
What is the time complexity of binary search?

Answer: O(log n)
Which function is used to free dynamically allocated memory in C?

Answer: free
In C, what does fopen return if the file cannot be opened?

Answer: NULL
How do you make a div take the full width of its parent in CSS?

Answer: width: 100%
In C, what is the output of printf("%d", 'A');?

Answer: 65
What does the continue statement do in a loop?

Answer: Skips to next iteration
Which CSS property controls the visibility of an element?

Answer: visibility
How do you convert a string to an integer in C?

Answer: atoi
What does the & operator do in C?

Answer: Returns address
In CSS, what is the default value of the position property?

Answer: static
How do you align text to the center in CSS?

Answer: text-align: center
What is the output of printf("%p", (void *)0); in C?

Answer: 0x0
Which CSS property is used to round the corners of a box?

Answer: border-radius
In C, what does strcpy do?

Answer: Copies string
How do you create an infinite loop in C?

Answer: while(1)
Which CSS property controls the space between lines of text?

Answer: line-height
In C, what is the output of sizeof(float) on most systems?

Answer: 4 bytes
What is the difference between inline and block elements in CSS?

Answer: inline doesn't break line
In C, what does fprintf do?

Answer: Prints to file
Which CSS property is used to control element shadow?

Answer: box-shadow
In C, what is the output of 10 << 1?

Answer: 20